docs: agent kit (#1478)
slackapi/bolt-python: docs/english/getting-started.md

On these pages you're free to make changes such as updating your app icon, configuring app features, and perhaps even distributing your app!

## Next steps {#next-steps}

You can now continue customizing your app with various features to make it right for whatever job's at hand. Here are some ideas about what to explore next:

- Follow along with the steps that went into making this app on the [building an app](/tools/bolt-python/building-an-app) guide for an educational overview.
- Check out the [Agent quickstart](/ai/agent-quickstart) to get up and running with an agent.

> - Browse our [curated catalog of samples](/samples) for more apps to develop off of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browse our [curated catalog of samples](/samples) for more apps to use as a starting point for development.
```
